All right.
In this lecture, I will quickly show you how much difference this particular code is going to make,
as opposed to how you can write in the node version of the playwright MCP server, which I was actually
implementing it originally.
So you see that this is the total number of code that you have got over here.
And if you try to do I mean, if you try to reduce it, try an exception block, it's going to be even
more lesser.
But I'm just going to keep this over here like 105 lines of code.
Right?
I'm going to copy this entire code and I'm going to go to cloud Desktop because cloud knows better.
In order to write the MCP server I'm going to say write the node JS version of MCP server for this code,
which I have written using fast MCP.
So I'm going to paste that.
I'm going to hit enter.
And you will notice that how much the lines of code that is going to be writing.
So look at that.
See for the MCP server, the playwright MCP server, you have to write a lot of boilerplate code.
So this is the list of available tools that you have to write, and all these schemas that you have
to provide.
And for every single selector, you have to give like a string of the descriptions.
And then this is the value that you have to put.
And this is the required fields that you have to do.
And similarly similarly it goes with the evaluation of the javascripts and stuffs over there.
Similarly it has to do the uh request handler and see how many lines of code that you have to write
for every single operation.
This is humongous.
And then you have to do all these operation.
If I'm going to copy these lines of code, and if I'm going to just paste it from 105, it turns into
263, right.
Let's assume that the comments been gone there.
It will be around 250 or maybe 260 I think.
Right.
It's a lot of comments as well I can see.
But yeah look at that.
That's humongous.
That's the way that you actually write the same code in JavaScript.
Whereas in Python it is so much easier.
So this is the power of the fast server that we have got while writing the MCP servers in Python.
In our last lecture of this section, I'll quickly show you how this new code has boiled down as well.